README.md, before:

# SQL Employee Tracker


## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Description

This is a command-line based application that allows you to populate three tables (departments, roles, and employees) in a database. This application also allows you to track employee managers.

## Installation

You will need node.js and the inquirer npm package to run this application.

## Usage

You will be prompted with a main menu of options. Follow the prompts for your intended action until you are finished with the application. Then navigate back to the main menu and select Exit when finished.



## License
This project is covered under the Unliscensed license: 


## Contributing

This project is finished, but open for contributions.

## Tests

Independant SQL queries were tested with MySQL Workbench.

## Questions

Find me on GitHub: https://github.com/concord511

Email me with questions: concord511@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated README.md with video link

README.md, after:

# SQL Employee Tracker


## Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)


## Description

This is a command-line based application that allows you to populate three tables (departments, roles, and employees) in a database. This application also allows you to track employee managers.

## Installation

You will need node.js. NPM packages include: Inquirer, MySQL2, and console.table.

## Usage

You will be prompted with a main menu of options. Follow the prompts for your intended action until you are finished with the application. Then navigate back to the main menu and select Exit when finished.

Link to video functionality: https://watch.screencastify.com/v/JFcKOrCw7hcnkXHPIXC3

## License
This project is covered under the Unliscensed license: 


## Contributing

This project is finished, but open for contributions.

## Tests

Independant SQL queries were tested with MySQL Workbench.

## Questions

Find me on GitHub: https://github.com/concord511

Email me with questions: concord511@gmail.com
